a hundred thousand us dollars every
three weeks is quite a lot of money
[Music]
in this screenshot paul shows that he
had already felt that the funding was
going to be cut
so the narrative i'm seeing that i set
out to defund av is just not true
paul knew it was already a strong
possibility paul felt it wasn't fair
that they were being asked for a level
of transparency that other orgs were not
having to give
i said i thought this was a fair point
but i explained that donor was not as
concerned with other orgs
as he felt they were open with him
without him having to ask and that was
av being scrutinized at this time
because of the controversy and the donor
needed his doubts about av
specifically cleared up i finished by
saying that i felt there are other
people in the movement who wanted av
cancelled
but i wanted to help them to continue to
receive their funding from this donor
it's important to note that in 2019 paul
and sal received 1.2 million usd from
the same donor but five minutes into
their first podcast paul did say we
weren't receiving a large amount of
money till this year
we weren't receiving a large amount of
money until this year
really the 1.2 million usd is still a
large amount of money especially when
it's coming from one donor
but either way the point is the donor
was requesting to know how this was
spent
the day after that i asked again if they
had reached the decision he responded by
saying this
[Music]
after this blunt message from paul i
stopped my communications with them paul
and the sale then sent an email response
directly to the donor refusing access to
their charity accounts
instead offering an accountant's report
and the donor decided to part ways with
them and to seize funding
i'd like to finish this video with a
possible solution recently brought
forward by the donor
as the donor was not originally
satisfied with portland sales offer of
an accountant's report
he is now willing to consider resuming
their funding on the basis they agreed
to a deeper more detailed financial
analysis
that could be conducted under the
donor's directions this would be with
specific objectives that would answer
the donor's concerns about how his 1.9
million us dollars since january 2019
was used